Agentless docs overhaul + rename to Elastic Managed integrations (#7065)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/ingest/managed-integrations/_snippets/show-agentless-resources.md

::::{applies-switch}

:::{applies-item} stack: preview 9.2-9.4
1. In {{kib}}, find **{{fleet}}** in the navigation menu or use the [global search field](/explore-analyze/find-and-organize/find-apps-and-objects.md).
2. Go to the **Settings** tab.

> 3. In the **Advanced Settings** section, enable **Show agentless resources**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Advanced Settings** section, turn on **Show agentless resources**.
```

Author: I believe the prescription is for not using “disable”. In our [style guide](https://www.elastic.co/docs/contribute-docs/style-guide/word-choice), “enable” is actually listed as preferred.

Reviewer: Ah, the more you know! I always thought it was both
